Test cases of the Microsoft Azure web application

Testcase ID: 1
Testcase header: Change application language & currency
Steps description: Go to the microsoft azure homepage. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and see sections with changing currency and language options.
Expected Result: Language successfully changed and curreny changed 
accordingly to the language.

Testcase ID: 2
Testcase header: Show all products
Steps description: Go to the microsoft azure homepage. Scroll down a bit and see "Popular products" section. Click on the "Show all (N) products".
Expected Result: Section should increase the height and show all the products.															

Testcase ID: 3
Testcase header: Show details page of the product
Steps description: Do all the steps described above, then click on one of the
product.
Expected Result: Browser should navigate to the detail page of the clicked
product.
																		
Testcase ID: 4
Testcase header: Going to the one of the social networks goups
Steps description: Go to the microsoft azure homepage. Scroll down to the
bottom of the page and see "Go Social" column. Click on the any link in it.
Expected Result: You should be navigated to the clicked social group.

Testcase ID: 5
Testcase header: Get documentation
Steps description: Go to the microsoft azure homepage. Click on the 
documentation tab.
Expected Result: The navigation to the page with the documentation was 
successful.																

Testcase ID: 6
Testcase header: Navigating on documentation page
Steps description: Go to the microsoft azure homepage. Click on the
documentation tab. See the following tabs: Services, Developer, Architecture. Try to click on one of them.
Expected Result: Navigating should occur and you should see the corresponding 
content.

Testcase ID: 7
Testcase header: Filtering documentation
Steps description: On the document page navigate to the service tab and
see filtering section on the left side. Click on some of the
 group.
Expected Result: Filtering should work and expected result is showing content
accordingly to the clicked filtering group item.

Testcase ID: 8
Testcase header: Filtering products
Steps description: On the products page select on of the products category.
Expected Result: Products should be filtered by selected category.

Testcase ID: 9
Testcase header: Pricing calculator
Steps description: On the pricing page click on the pricing calculator. 
Follow all the actions described in the grey block with
hints. After added products, close the popup.
Expected Result: Calculator should show estimate.											

Testcase ID: 10
Testcase header: Export estimate
Steps description: After getting calculator estimate, click on the Export
Estimate link on You estimate block.
Expected Result: After clicking on the link, downloading of the document should be start.																	
																					
